Your skin is drying up, and you have dry lips and eyes, you also noticed how you haven't sweet or go to the bathroom in a while, these are all signs of dehydration.
You decide to floor it and hit the boost. You went so fast that the fire put out itself on the right engine, you also notice you are going too fast and missed the space station, You reach for the break but Captain Bubbles advise you not to and said: "At this speed if we stop we will go splat". So you both ride it out. You manage to get into a worm hole and get warp into a different reality, all the sudden you seem to gone back in time and went to a familiar spot... 
You used part of the pod to dig a sand pit. Deep enough where you and Captain Bubbles can fit. You manage to get all of the supplies in the sand pit and seal off the entrance with a big piece of metal you pulled off from the escape pod. You both fall asleep. Then suddenly you were woken up by a wet feeling and thought "Eww Captain Bubbles must of wet himself from his sleep", then the water level rose rapidly. The tide has come in and is flooding the sand pit. You try to dig out of the pit.
As the day progresses you and Captain Bubbles are hot and cold and have a runny nose. You get a intense shiver that you can't stop and chilled to the bone. You also feel super hot and these are all symptoms of hypothermia and it seem that you and Captain Bubbles have it.
You build a gaint bond fire and it caught the attention of the plane. You and Captain Bubbles are getting rescued.
You missed your oppertunity and the plane left, it looks like you might be stuck on the island for a while.
You digged and found some shell fish of clams, crabs, and some crawfish. You cook up a big seafood boil. This is actually yours and Captain Bubbles first time eating seafood. It taste really good. But you and Captain Bubbles have trouble swallowing and have a tough time breathing and you look at each other and saw that you both are completely inflamed! Looks like you are allergic to seafood with Captain Bubbles, and are going into epileptic shock and a allergic reaction. 